The President: Hi, everybody.
My top priority as President is
doing everything I can to create
more jobs and more opportunities
for hardworking families
to get ahead.
On Friday, we learned that
our economy created over
200,000 new jobs in July.
That's on top of about
300,000 new jobs in June.
We're now in a six-month
streak with at least 200,
000 new jobs each month.
That hasn't happened since 1997.
All told, our businesses have
created 9.9 million jobs
over the past 53 months.
That's the longest streak of
private-sector job creation
in our history.
Because of you - because of your
hard work and determination -
America has recovered faster and
come farther than almost any
other advanced country on Earth.
The economy is clearly
getting stronger.
Things are clearly
getting better.
And the decisions we
make now can keep things
moving in that direction.
That's what's at
stake right now.
Making sure our economy works
for every working American.
Making sure that people who
work hard can get ahead.
That's why I've been pushing
for common-sense ideas like
rebuilding our infrastructure in
a way that supports millions
of good jobs and helps our
businesses compete.
That's why I've been pushing
to raise the minimum wage.
To make it easier for
working folks to pay
off their student loans.
That's why I've been pushing
for fair pay and paid leave.
These policies have
two things in common.
All of them would help
working families feel
more stable and secure.
And unfortnately all of
them have been blocked
or ignored by
Republicans in Congress.
That's why my administration
keeps taking what actions
we can on our own to
help working families -
because Congress is doing so
little for working families.
House Republicans actually
got together this week
and voted to sue me for
taking actions on my own.
And then they left town for
the month without settling
a bunch of unfinished business
that matters to working
families across America.
The bottom line is this - we've
come a long way these past
five and a half years.
Our challenges are nowhere
near as daunting as they
were back then.
But imagine how much farther
along our economy would be -
how much stronger our country
would be - if Congress
would do its job.
I'll never stop trying to
work with both parties
to get things moving faster
for the middle class
and everybody who's working
to get into the middle class.
And I could use your help.
If you see your Member of
Congress around home this month,
tell him or her
what's on your mind.
Ask them why they haven't passed
bills to raise the minimum wage
or help with student loans
or enact fair pay for women.
And when they return from
vacation next month,
instead of trying to pass
partisan bills on party
lines, hopefully we can come
together with the sense
of common purpose
that you expect.
And in the meantime, I will
never stop doing whatever
I can, whenever I can, not
only to make sure that our
economy succeeds, but that
people like you succeed.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.